readme.md, before:

# Readme.md

#### A template for readmes, how meta

#### By Michael Reiersgaard

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* jQuery

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does as well as any other information you want users or other developers to have.}_

## Specs

```
Describe: displayToppings(toppings)

Test: "It should display a list of ingredients that are stored in an object"
Code:  displayToppings(toppings);
Expected Output: <ul> of all ingredients
```

```
Describe: displaySizes(toppings)

Test: "It should allow a list of sizes that are stored in an object"
Code:  displaySizes();
Expected Output: <ul> of all sizes
```


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this application depends on? We recommend deleting the project from your desktop, re-cloning the project from GitHub, and writing down all the steps necessary to get the project working again.}_

## Known Bugs

* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License

[MIT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Copyright (c) 2021 Michael Reiersgaard


## Contact Information

Michael Reiersgaard michael.reiersgaard [at] gmail.com

Commit message:

add buildAPizza() for single topping

readme.md, after:

# Pizza

#### A template for readmes, how meta

#### By Michael Reiersgaard

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* jQuery

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does as well as any other information you want users or other developers to have.}_

## Specs

```
Describe: displayToppings(toppings)

Test: "It should display a list of ingredients that are stored in an object"
Code:  displayToppings(toppings);
Expected Output: <ul> of all ingredients
```

```
Describe: displaySizes(toppings)

Test: "It should display a list of sizes that are stored in an object"
Code:  displaySizes();
Expected Output: <ul> of all sizes
```

```
Describe: buildAPizza()

Test: "It should allow a user to pick one topping and one size and output a price"
Code:  buildAPizza(small,pepperoni);
Expected Output: 15
```


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this application depends on? We recommend deleting the project from your desktop, re-cloning the project from GitHub, and writing down all the steps necessary to get the project working again.}_

## Known Bugs

* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License

[MIT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Copyright (c) 2021 Michael Reiersgaard


## Contact Information

Michael Reiersgaard michael.reiersgaard [at] gmail.com
